# InteractiveExhibit

For our project we wanted to create a relatively inexpensive interactive exhibit that could be used in any museum and would be easy to maintain. We created a project that used weight to identify an object, and then bring up an image that offered the history of said object. We decided to use weight because we felt this method had fewer limitations than RFID readers that need to be physically attached to objects and require more maintenance. 

We began the project by selecting 4 single shoes with different weights. We then built a platform to place the shoes onto. The platform was a piece of compressed cardboard attached to one end of the load cell that was screwed onto a stabilized base. We tried to calibrate the phidget bridge, but were unsuccessful because we didn’t have an object with an identified weight. Luckily it wasn’t necessary for the program to work. We then connected the phidget bridge to processing. We ran a bridge example that was already part of the phidgets library in processing. We had to modify the example so it included if/else statements to incorporate the weight ranges. We ran into a problem where the load cell was too sensitive and was determining the weights of the shoes too fast. We increased the gain to 128 so that it was less sensitive, and increased the range of the shoe’s weight because they were continually fluctuating. At first, we found that the load cell/ platform was so sensitive that it would catch a portion of a shoe before it was was fully on the platform. To correct this, we added a delay of several seconds so the full weight would be calculated. To make this project more engaging, we decided to have an image come up on the screen that provided the history/ information of these different types of shoes, however there were some tricks there too. 

Due to the code’s continual looping, our information pages couldn’t come up. To fix this, we incorporated “If looping (No Loop)” which made the program run once after it’s delay. We created .jpg images that told the story of the shoe, and provided another visual image. These images were placed in the processing folder, so that they could be called into the sketch. Therefore, the sketch would run, delaying for a moment while the user placed the shoe on the platform. Then, information from the load cell and bridge would be sent to processing. When the program read the weight, it would locate the proper “if” statement, which would cue the corresponding image. To make the exhibit more interactive added a key press command into the code that would then continue the loop so another shoe could be weighed.

Overall, we were happy with our project. We feel it is an inexpensive way to create an interactive exhibit, and it is easy to modify for use with different objects. Any number of objects can be programed into this code as long as they have different weights. You could even add weights to an object to make it heavier to fit a different weight range. This could be a great matching game for young kids, and allows hands on interaction with objects. 


Here is a youtube video that shows the project in use! 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwQTBGS8D84
